seems to be happening now we're going to
go go go over to him and we're going to
listen in to the
South as to the north part of this
trip we there were certain firing from
Lebanon and we responded to the origin
and source of fire we will continue to
Target the hideouts of infiltrator and
Sabo any threat to theate Israel and any
party behind will pay the price by his
life we are constantly and regularly
evaluating the
situation this
morning the air
defenses
foiled an attempt of attack Egypt and
the United States will continue to
cooperate in the
protection
we reiterate that we will continue to
fulfill our duty and I request the
citizens of Israel to listen to the
instructions given by the home
front the enemy is still launching
Rockets once you receive instructions
please head to the shelters and bunkers
we received some reports that some
citizens are not abiding by the
instructions given by the home front it
is part of the mechanism of
protection please heed the calls given
by the home front
including the
sirens we have contacted relatives of
310 VC victims from those killed and
kidnapped as we speak our heart our
hearts go out to the kidnap to the
captives on this day the the evening we
are committed to our duties we will
bring all the captives home this is the
third war week of
War our army security personnel are
deployed
across our territories in land in the
air and in the sea
defending our
state I have always repeated we have
protect all the protection we have
layers of protection at the same times
we are faced with several
threats
are there any negotiations taking place
for the release of
captives today we spoke about what is
taking place under Alfa hospital we will
continue to gather the intelligence as
we uh operate we are
collecting all the relevant information
materials related to the humanitarian
Aid we will keep the whole world
Community informed at the same time we
will continue
to uh report to the world the tactics
adopted by Hamas taking civilians as
human Shields we
cannot allow any threat against the
state of Israel we are united and we are
backed by the whole world
and with respect to the second part of
question regarding a swap deal or
negotiations I
say
there there
is a psychological warfare against the
citizens of Israel once we have the
relevant information we will disclose
them any piece of information related to
the captives will be you're watching Al
1723 GMT this is a press conference
being given by an Israeli military
spokesman um with regard to an update as
he was giving of the various operations
that the Israeli military has been
carrying out referring to Lebanon
referring to having ostensibly foiled
and attempted attack on